##Getting familiar with relative units

##--Module 1.1 Css em and rem explained--##

1) If you set a font size using ems it will be in relation to that elements
parent. So if we set an elements dont-size to 2em then it will go up to its parent
and see what the font size is (here let's say its 16px generally the default font size on anybrowser is 16px)
So font size for this element would be 16 * 2 = 32px

2)Ems can keep compounding and this can be a problem if a parent has 2em font size
so the child element would become 16 * 2 * 2 = 64px

3)Rems were invented to solve this compounding issue in em units.
Rem stands for RootEm.

4)Rem looks at the root of the document so (html) for the font size.
Rem units are more consistent while setting font sizes with ems can cause 
compounding font size issues.

5)We can also use these units for things other than font sizes setting 
width, padding, margins or anyting that can take a unit like that.

But when we are using these units on margins, paddings etc then it can bea little confusing.
So in case of em when we set font size to an element it looks at the parent's
font size and calculates the font size accordingly. But when we use em for margins or paddings etc.
those units will not look for the parent's font-size but the element's intead.
    So for example suppose we have a element whose font-size it 2em so it looks at its parent
    and calculate's its font size which turns out to be 16*2=32px Now if we add margin to this element
    margin: 2em then the margin would be calculated using the font-size of this element and not the parent'size
    so 16*2*2=64px.

In case of rem though it always looks at the html or root for font-size so it's always consistent.
    So if we take the same example as above elements font size would turn out to be 16*2=32px
    and the margin is also set to be 2em so it will look at the font size of root. So margin would be
    16*2=32px

6)We can use ems since it can be more adabtable. Let's say we set a padding of 2em on a button and the font-size: 2em
the padding here will see the font size  and calculate it accordingly. This is helpful when we have another button a smaller or
even a larger one and since our base button has paddings set in em all we need to do in these buttons is to
set the font-size and the padding will adapt according to this font size.

7) Rems are usefule when we want consistentency in our layout for example margins between elements.
If we set them through rem the margins will always stay consistent since it looks at the font-size of root.

8) We can take this adaptability feature even further using mediaqueries by setting font-size on html inside
a media querie we can make the site's layout adapt to the different screen sizes whereas if we were to do this
using pixel units. We would have to create multiple media queries to handle this kind of change in our layouts.


##--Module 1.3 Why you shouldn't use em for font-size--##
1) If we use ems we can run into issues od compounding font sizes while if we use rem the font size will
remain consistent.
For font sizes rem is a better choice since it makes sure that it's consistent everywhere while em canbe used for paddings, 
margins etc since it can adapt to the font sizes.



##--Module 1.2 Why you shouldn't set font sizes using em--##